In the infinite set of all positive numbers, any number you can think of, no matter how large, is relatively a 'small' number because there is an infinite amount of numbers larger and a finite amount of number smaller.
To a billionaire, spending $1,000 can feel like what spending $3 feels to most people.
Hair dressers go through more schooling than cops.
Ice cream was probably invented in the winter.
If there were a Rugrats revival like they did with "All Grown Up", Tommy Pickles would be older than his parents were in the original Rugrats.
Since a shrimp's anus is at the end of its tail, when you eat shrimp you are, in fact, eating its entire ass.
We teach kids to share before they’re old enough to own anything, then teach adults to protect everything they have.
2 innocent people died because Sarah Connor’s parents named her Sarah.
Evolution makes a lot more sense once you realize that all forms of life are individual cellular organisms where some have learned to work together in increasingly complex ways.
Self-driving cars would allow for cops to easily bring you in when you have an arrest warrant.
You can tell a long friendship by how short the messages can be.
Businesses put "Thank you for your understanding" at the end of a negative change announcement when they actually mean "suck it up."
Whales don’t get “Tubthumping” stuck in their heads.
The more someone relies on music to underscore their message, the less trustworthy that message is.
Our safest time of day is a nightmare landscape for nocturnal animals.
If upside-down cake was served upside down, it'd be the right way up but not look like it.
There must be many people who ask an LLM to rephrase the text they've written so it sounds less LLM-like.
X-rays expressed as a radio station would be 10 billion FM.
An unmarked Costco receipt would be really hard to find outside of a warehouse.
Most of life is not shaped by big decisions, but by the small habits we repeat without noticing. Over time, those quiet routines become our personality, our future, and our limits. What feels insignificant today is often what defines us tomorrow.
Given how frequently we use our phones, it's now kind of an achievement to forget it at home before heading out.
Anti-gravity would just be gravity going the other way.
A good year starts the day your routine changes; the calendar only changes the number.
The stereotypical "cartoon monkey" does not actually look like any monkey species that exists in real life.
Board games should pack two rule books. That way, multiple people can read the instructions at the same time.
